Update PDF export in the infinite canvas mode (#985)
nordeck/matrix-neoboard: .changeset/free-dodos-arrive.md

---
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-react-sdk': minor
---

> PDF export fixes for the infinite canvas mode. Each frame is a page, and is the case of no frames - it's a single page limited to the visible objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update PDF export in the infinite canvas mode. Each frame now exports as a page. If no frames exist, all elements are exported and the surrounding whitespace is cropped.
```
